Palestinians search with their bare
hands for survivors after another air
strike on
Ru this time a house crowded with women
and children who FL kanun is
H we were sleeping at home and we
suddenly heard an explosion and the
stone started falling so I opened the
window and I heard the neighbors calling
for help so we came out and found a
two-story building that was full of
displaced people women and children
collapsed on them I don't know we've
been asking for help for 3 months nobody
is listening to us we're saying that
again help us that's
enough death now comes here at any time
day or
night we emerged from the rubble not
knowing what's going on five people are
still missing and five people were
killed and children like you see
here these are the targets of the
Israeli Army here they
are Israel is now attacking the central
and southern Gaza Strip areas crammed
with tens of thousand of Palestinians
already displaced by the war on
Gaza they came from hanun toafa and
found a house where they sought refuge
and then they just got bombed give me a
reason for why they were bombed these
were children and women only we
ourselves do not understand why they
were bombed they have been seeking
Refuge here for the last month give me
just one
reason saying goodbye to not only the
young but the very old and wondering who
they will be saying farewell to
next there is not a single safe place in
the entire Gaza Strip safe zones are a
joke there is no safe place in
Gaza safe zones only exist in the
narratives of the Israeli military but
in Gaza no homes no hospitals not even
schools can protect people from the
unpredictable falling bombs hany Mahmud
Al jaaz Rafa Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer